Updating README with an eg to retrieve all the pages for a query. (#35)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-go: README.md

To retrieve the user's drive:

```Golang
result, err := client.Me().Drive().Get(nil)
if err != nil {
    fmt.Printf("Error getting the drive: %v\n", err)
}
fmt.Printf("Found Drive : %v\n", result.GetId())
```

## 4. Getting results that span across multiple pages

> Response from an api call can span across multiple pages. To get the complete response you will have to make additional calls to get the subsequent pages until they are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Items in a collection response call can span across multiple pages. To get the complete set of items in the collection, your application must make additional calls to get the subsequent pages until no more next link is provided in the response.
```
